Document instrumentation hosting recommendations (#1103)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: instrumentation/README.md

This will ensure the instrumentation reaches all package users, and is continuously maintained by developers that understand the package.

If instrumentation cannot be directly included in the package it is instrumenting, it should be hosted in a dedicated public repository owned by its maintainer(s).
This will appropriately assign maintenance responsibilities for the instrumentation and ensure these maintainers have the needed privilege to maintain the code.

The last place instrumentation should be hosted is here in this repository.
Maintaining instrumentation here hampers the development of OpenTelemetry for Go and therefore should be avoided.
When instrumentation cannot be included in a target package and there is good reason to not host it in a separate and dedicated repository an [instrumentation request](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib/issues/new/choose) should be filed.
The instrumentation request needs to be accepted before any pull requests for the instrumentation can be considered for merging.

Regardless of where instrumentation is hosted, it needs to be discoverable.

> The [OpenTelemetry registry](https://opentelemetry.io/registry/)
> This will ensure the instrumentation is discoverable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [OpenTelemetry registry](https://opentelemetry.io/registry/)
exists to ensure that instrumentation is discoverable.
```

  Also, packages MUST use the default `TracerProvider`, `MeterProvider`, and `Propagators` supplied by the `global` package if no optional one is provided.
- All instrumentation packages MUST NOT provide an option to accept a `Tracer` or `Meter`.
- All instrumentation packages MUST create any used `Tracer` or `Meter` with a name matching the instrumentation package name.

> - All instrumentation packages MUST create any used `Tracer` or `Meter` with a semantic version corresponding to the version of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All instrumentation packages MUST create any used `Tracer` or `Meter` with a semantic version corresponding to the version of the module containing the instrumentation.
```

As we start to stabilize some modules it will make less sense to talk about a single version of this repository.  Each module should probably have its own `version.go` file with a constant that can be managed by the release tooling.
